everyone today I will show you how to do
a 3d copy of an object first we will
scan an original object and then make a
plastic copy out of it and all you have
to do is pressing the copy button on the
Seuss machine however if you like to
modify this original object and for
example scale it up scale it down or
rotate it then you have to do the copy
process manually and you have to start
with a scanning process then modify it
and then later print out the object
let's begin this is the SU screen I
press the copy button now we have three
options the quick scan scans for signs
of the object the normal scan and high
quality scan captures more details of
the object however it takes a little bit
longer once you did your selection you
press the preview button in the preview
image you can set the outline of the
scanning volume so we can adjust this
outline to the size of the scanning
object here you can see the scanning
process from the top and this is how the
process looks from the side so a laser
swiping four times over the object what
the object is rotating 360 degrees and
here you can see the life update in the
touchscreen of soos and once all four
sides got scanned the suit's will
automatically stitch together these four
individual scans and merge them to one
point cloud
you can look at this point cloud from
all kinds of angles and in the next step
this point cloud will automatically be
converted into an STL file into a 3d
model and before you print this 3d model
you have to remove the original object
from the suit's machine now you have to
set their settings the density as well
as the layer height of the object which
is pretty much the resolution and then
you press the slice button and here is
your final G code now your object is
ready for print and here's the printing
process
so this is the final printout and this
is the original object as a comparison
so today I showed you how to make a 3d
copy of an object thank you very much
for watching see you next time
you